Upgrade a validator - docker version (#249)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: node-operators/validators/operational-tasks/upgrade-your-node/upgrade-docker.md

---
title: Upgrade Your Sequencer Docker Node
description: Follow these instructions to update your Tanssi sequencer node running via Docker to the latest version of the Tanssi client software.
icon: simple-docker
---

# Upgrade Your Node Running via Docker

## Introduction {: #introduction }

Keeping your node up-to-date is an important part of being a Tanssi validator. Not only does it help ensure that your node stays healthy, but it also contributes to keeping the entire Tanssi Network running smoothly.

This tutorial covers upgrading your Tanssi validator node that was configured using Docker. It assumes you have already set up your account and launched a [validator node using Systemd](/node-operators/validators/onboarding/run-a-validator/validators-systemd/){target=\_blank}.

--8<-- 'text/node-operators/github-release-notifications.md'

> ## Upgrading Docker Nodes {: #upgrading-docker-nodes }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade Docker Nodes {: #upgrading-docker-nodes }
```

This change makes the titles more direct and action-oriented

=== "Generic"

    ```bash
    docker run --network="host" -v "/var/lib/tanssi-data:/data" \
    -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) \
    {{ networks.dancelight.validator_docker_image }} \
    --8<-- 'code/node-operators/validators/onboarding/run-a-validator/validators-docker/docker-command.md'
    ```

=== "Intel Skylake"

    ```bash
    docker run --network="host" -v "/var/lib/tanssi-data:/data" \
    -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) \
    --entrypoint "/tanssi-relay/tanssi-relay-skylake" \
    {{ networks.dancelight.validator_docker_image }} \
    --8<-- 'code/node-operators/validators/onboarding/run-a-validator/validators-docker/docker-command.md'
    ```

=== "AMD Zen3"

    ```bash
    docker run --network="host" -v "/var/lib/tanssi-data:/data" \
    -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) \
    --entrypoint "/tanssi-relay/tanssi-relay-znver3" \
    {{ networks.dancelight.validator_docker_image }} \
    --8<-- 'code/node-operators/validators/onboarding/run-a-validator/validators-docker/docker-command.md'
    ```

--8<-- 'text/node-operators/optimized-binaries-note.md'

> ### Specifying a Version Tag {: #specifying-a-version-tag }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Specify a Version Tag {: #specifying-a-version-tag }
```

> If you wanted to specify a [particular version tag](https://hub.docker.com/r/moondancelabs/tanssi/tags){target=\_blank}, you can do so by appending a version tag to the image name. For example, if you wanted to fetch the version tagged `latest` (which is the default), you would append `:latest` to `{{ networks.dancelight.validator_docker_image }}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a specific [version tag](https://hub.docker.com/r/moondancelabs/tanssi/tags){target=\_blank}, append it to the image name. For example, to fetch the version tagged `latest` (which is the default), append `:latest` to `{{ networks.dancelight.validator_docker_image }}`.
```
